Update README.md (#394)
drashland/deno-drash: README.md

## Benchmarks

> Drash's performance is included in the [denosaurs/bench](https://github.com/denosaurs/bench) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drash performance benchmarks are included in the [denosaurs/bench](https://github.com/denosaurs/bench) repository.
```

Reviewer: minor
